Performed first 5 tasks out of 9:

1. Variables 
a. Create a variable named pi and store the value 22/7 in it. Now check the data type of this variable.
b. Create a variable called for and assign it a value 4. See what happens and find out the reason behind the behavior that you see. 
c. Store the principal amount, rate of interest, and time in different variables and then calculate the Simple Interest for 3 years. 
Formula: Simple Interest = P x R x T / 100 

2. Numbers 
a. Write a function that takes two arguments, 145 and 'o', and uses the `format` function to return a formatted string. Print theresult. 
Try to identify the representation used. 
b. In a village, there is a circular pond with a radius of 84 meters. Calculate the area of the pond using the formula: Circle Area = πr^2. (Use the value 3.14 for π) 
Bonus Question: If there is exactly 1.4 liters of water in a square meter, what is the total amount of water in the pond? Print the answer without any decimal point in it. 
Hint: Circle Area = π r^2 Water in the pond = Pond Area Water per Square Meter 
c. If you cross a 490meterlong street in 7 minutes, calculate your speed in meters per second. Print the answer without any decimal point in it. 
Hint: Speed = Distance / Time 

3. List 
a. You have a list of superheroes representing the Justice League. justice_league = ["Superman", "Batman", "Wonder Woman", "Flash", "Aquaman", "Green Lantern"] 
Perform the following tasks: 
1. Calculate the number of members in the Justice League. 
2. Batman recruited Batgirl and Nightwing as new members. Add them to your list. 
3. Wonder Woman is now the leader of the Justice League. Move her to the beginning of the list. 
4. Aquaman and Flash are having conflicts, and you need to separate them. Choose either "Green Lantern" or "Superman" and move them in between Aquaman and Flash. 
5. The Justice League faced a crisis, and Superman decided to assemble a new team. Replace the existing list with the following new members: "Cyborg", "Shazam", "Hawkgirl", "Martian Manhunter", "Green Arrow". 
6. Sort the Justice League alphabetically. The hero at the 0th index will become the new leader. 
(BONUS: Can you predict who the new leader will be?) 
Your task is to write Python code to perform these operations on the "justice_league" list. Display the list at each step to observe the changes. 

4. If Condition 
a. Write a program to determine the BMI Category based on user input. 
Ask the user to: 
Enter height in meters 
Enter weight in kilograms 
Calculate BMI using the formula: BMI = weight / (height)2 
Use the following categories: 
If BMI is 30 or greater, print "Obesity" 
If BMI is between 25 and 29, print "Overweight" 
If BMI is between 18.5 and 25, print "Normal" 
If BMI is less than 18.5, print "Underweight" 
Example: 
Enter height in meters: 1.75 
Enter weight in kilograms: 70 
Output: "Normal" 

b. Write a program to determine which country a city belongs to. Given list of cities per country: 
Australia = ["Sydney", "Melbourne", "Brisbane", "Perth"] 
UAE = ["Dubai", "Abu Dhabi", "Sharjah", "Ajman"] 
India = ["Mumbai", "Bangalore", "Chennai", "Delhi"] 
Ask the user to enter a city name and print the corresponding country.
Example: 
Enter a city name: "Abu Dhabi" 
Output: "Abu Dhabi is in UAE" 

c. Write a program to check if two cities belong to the same country. Ask the user to enter two cities and print whether they belong to the same country or not. 
Example: 
Enter the first city: "Mumbai" 
Enter the second city: "Chennai" 
Output: "Both cities are in India" 
Example: 
Enter the first city: "Sydney" 
Enter the second city: "Dubai" 
Output: "They don't belong to the same country" 

5. For Loop: 
a. Using a for loop, simulate rolling a sixsided die multiple times (at least 20 times). 
Count and print the following statistics: 
How many times you rolled a 6 
How many times you rolled a 1 
How many times you rolled two 6s in a row

b. Imagine you are doing a workout routine, and you have to complete 100 jumping jacks. 
Write a program that: 
Asks you to perform 10 jumping jacks at a time. 
After each set, it asks, "Are you tired?" 
If you reply "yes" or "y," it should ask if you want to skip the remaining sets. 
If you reply "yes" or "y," it should break and print, "You completed a total of jumping jacks." 
For example, if you did only 30 jumping jacks and answered "yes," the program will break and print, "You completed a total of 30 jumping jacks." 
If you reply "no" or "n," it should continue and display how many jumping jacks are remaining. After that, ask you again, "Are you tired?" 
For example, if you answered "no," it should display that 70 jumping jacks are remaining and ask you again, "Are you tired?" 
If you reply "no" or "n," it should continue and display how many jumping jacks are remaining. After that, ask you again, "Are you tired?" 
For example, if you answered "no," it should display that 70 jumping jacks are remaining and ask you again, "Are you tired?" 
If you complete all 100 jumping jacks, it should print, "Congratulations! You completed the workout," and stop the program

